1. What type of cluster your using in your organization? How many cluster your maintaining in your organization
2. In 10 nodes I want to change 3 nodes as instance type t2 to t3 series. How can I change it ? where I have this option?
3. Explain how your going to setup & monitor your cluser step by step . Explain each process
4. What is the command to loggining into pod 
5. what is exec stands for
6. How you will allocate the metrix? 
7. Do you have any check in CICD?
8. Difference b/w play and playbook
9. Difference b/w resource & module in terraform 
10. I want to deploy 3 environment(dev,prod,test) using single module, how can I do that, how do you do this configuration?Explain
11. How you maintain secrets in Terraform what are the options you have
12. Difference b/w state file & log file
13. What is Lambda function
14. In route 53 what are the configurations are there 
15. What are the rules mention in s3 bucket which rule I need to select for static website
16. Write a IAM policy for s3 bucket ? What are the actions you will mention in it?
17. I have created resource using terraform. later I change terraform version  1.3 to 1.5 , I changed this value in all *.tf files. When I do terraform init          	and apply what happens? Weather it will change or if you will get error, what error you will get 
18. How you configure load balancer using route 53 
19. what is service account
20. I have s3 bucket in one region ang KMS in another region? 
21. How would you set up monitoring and logging using tools like Prometheus, Grafana and set up alerts for abnormal behavior?
  What are the things you monitor in grafana board 
22. How you connect 5 vpc ? 
23. In declerative pipeline I can write groovy script? can you write sample CICD for that?
24. In ansible I want to execute single task, how can I execute that 
Write ansible playbook
25. what is adhoc commands , tell me some adhoc commands
26. How do you declare variables in ansible, write sample ansible playbook for it
27. How do you clean up your EC2 instance.
28. How do you do clean up activity in K8s cluster. what are the things you will do
29. What is namespace & its uses.
30. I want to create a namespace and I want to restrict it for 4 persons. Others should not able to login for that namespace. How can I do that?
